docs: clarify reschedule, migrate, and replacement terminology (#24929)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/group.mdx

Instead, an operator may desire that these allocations reconnect without a
restart. When `max_client_disconnect` or `disconnect.lost_after` is specified,

> the Nomad server will mark clients that fail to heartbeat as "disconnected"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Nomad server marks clients that fail to heartbeat as "disconnected"
```

rather than "down", and will mark allocations on a disconnected client as
"unknown" rather than "lost". These allocations may continue to run on the
disconnected client. Replacement allocations will be scheduled according to the
allocations' `disconnect.replace` settings. until the disconnected client

> reconnects. Once a disconnected client reconnects, Nomad will compare the "unknown"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reconnects. Once a disconnected client reconnects, Nomad compares the "unknown"
```

> allocations with their replacements and will decide which ones to keep according

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allocations with their replacements and decides which ones to keep according
```
